Create .gitkeep (#17)
filetrust/k8-slack-bot: README.md

# Project K8 Slack Bot - @gwbot

For Upwork resources, please read the [Rules of Engagement](../rules-of-engagement.md)

### Project Brief

> Objective: Create a slackboot that can integrates with our different endpoin tools to enable the enduser to interact with data from the different endpoints. Endpoints and command list will evolve depending on the needs of each and on of the projects. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Objective: Create a slack bot that can integrate with our different endpoint tools to enable the end user to interact with data from the different endpoints. Endpoints and command list will evolve depending on the needs of the projects. 
```
